can someone who's not built to be a
leader succeed in network marketing the
opportunity for them isn't just for them
they can win they can build a big team
but they can also show somebody else how
to win and it doesn't hurt them if I'm
trying to pick the right network
marketing opportunity what things are
important criterias we sell recruit
duplicate and lead I think it's the hype
and the amateur sales language when
people call their friends hey you know I
have this thing and inside lingos they
call it commission breath okay do I wish
that people understood it more sure of
course I do but the fact that it's
misunderstood also creates an
opportunity for those who can clearly
communicate it companies will pay you a
tremendous amount of money for building
a team in an environment where people
are a little hesitant to check it out
what do you think somebody in 2024
whether they're new or seasoned in this
industry things that they need to do
maybe a little differently Network
Market is not for everybody it's highly
emotional it's Mercurial it's up and
it's down it's like a roller coaster it
will push you and test
you hey welcome to this edition of build
your tribe this is an incredible episode
if you're somebody who is considering
all the different options you have
available to you in terms of building
your additional streams of income if
you're trying to figure out if network
marketing is one of those options maybe
you're in network marketing and you're
just not sure if this is the company
you're still in love with and what are
some of the changes you need to be aware
of as we enter 2024 and you're thinking
about how do I get ahead if you're
looking for how to take that Advantage
like get the advantage if you're in an
industry that feels saturated and you
feel a little lost maybe you feel like
you're too old for this maybe you feel
like there's so many people it's really
hard to stand out because today my guest
is Eric worry and when you talk about
someone who's mentored people in this
industry and not not just network
marketing but in branding in Business
and Entrepreneurship he's the name
that's going to come to mind he sold
over 4 million copies of just one book I
can't even imagine the millions of
people who have turned to him as their
virtual upline he is a master at
personal branding and understanding how
to bring the best experts to train
people to be the best in their industry
and today he's going to have a very
honest conversation with us about the
future of network marketing who it might
be right for who maybe it's wrong for
and what you need to do if it's
something you're considering so without
further Ado please welcome my guest Eric
Cory Shen how are you I'm great thanks
I'm so happy you're here and I'm glad to
be here just a lot of fun literally when
I had a lot of friends considering
network marketing they had no idea what
it was most of them were entrepreneurs
had some kind of a low paying side
hustle gig of their own I guess they
kind of all thought it was Amway selling
soap and maybe that's cuz I'm from Grand
Rapids Michigan right there was a lot of
myths and misconceptions about the
industry today you know I'm proud to say
like a lot of my friends and family has
completely changed our lives we started
off my myself included like I need to
understand this and that's when I tuned
into your content and was blown away at
like wait he's he's just teaching like
this just business stuff it's not
separate why do you think network
marketing so many people like put in a
separate category it's of its own yeah
here's what I'd like to tell people is
network marketing isn't perfect it has
its challenges uh and most of the
challenges are perception challenges and
it's almost all created by the ere
excited people in the field that are
making it sound too easy making it sound
too fast like everybody's winning yeah
you don't have to really sell anything
the product sells itself and this just
builds by itself which is
nonsense is it because some people have
had that experience and mostly a rare
occasion mostly people fall in love with
their Compensation Plan and they
extrapolate what might happen and then
they they're so excited that they go
over exaggerate what the average is
they'll pick one person out of the
company and they'll tell that story
instead of talking about the realities
of Entrepreneurship entrepreneurship is
a challenge it's lonely it's emotional
it has its ups and downs you have to
face your own inner demons in order to
be able to get to where you want to go
and they don't want to talk about that
so they want to say the product solves
everything and they want to say there's
no real selling required and all you
have to do is just recommend this to a
couple people and you're going to get
rich and okay and they want to say that
you know over exaggerate how much you
money you can earn how fast okay so I
think it's the
hype and the amateur sales language when
people call their friends hey you know I
have this thing and inside lingos they
call it commission breath oh okay when
you call a friend you know when
somebody's approaching you you're like
wait wait wait wait wait wait yes AB is
this one of those things abely yes yes
and if somebody is an amateur out there
trying to get something started they're
like a little puppy that gets over
excited and peeing in every corner of
the house yeah they do the same thing
with their prospects they go out there
and and they use amateur language and
they give the profession a bit of this
lottery ticket too good to be true you
know only people who have no money
should go there interesting they don't
have any other options does it drive you
crazy it does and it doesn't on one
side I wish that people understood it
more MH sure of course I do but the the
fact that it's misunderstood also
creates an opportunity for those who can
clearly communicate it and build a team
yeah companies will pay you a tremendous
amount of money for building a team in
an environment where people are a little
like hesitant to check it out so four
things that credible companies do in
network marketing number one they sell
okay you know you're going to need to
sell yeah hello they'll call It sharing
but it's selling sure they use Word of
Mouth advertising to do it okay you know
if you lose weight your friend's going
to say how'd you lose that weight and
then word of mouth is and then most of
us have tried whatever our friend did to
lose weight or get in shape or whatever
so selling using Word of Mouth
advertising most valuable form of
advertising in the world most trusted by
far number two you have the ability to
recruit an ever expanding team of other
people who are out there selling so you
can build a team and be connected to
that team and be compensated based upon
on the team's productivity sales three
you can duplicate that process they can
do the same you start getting leverage
and four if you lead your organization
well take two leaders one is a good
leader one's a bad same siiz team the
good with the the the team with a good
leader is going to outperform the team
with the bad leader so we sell recruit
duplicate and Lead those are the four
things okay so network marketing isn't
perfect right but if you have an
entrepreneurial bone in your body and
you're looking looking for a way to and
your average person looking for a way to
express entrepreneurship there's nothing
on Earth that beats it those four things
you just listed are the same things that
any business needs for the most part
kind of except for maybe Rec duplication
duplication you need well do you in
order to scale that's what I think about
duplicating I guess I mean but your
employees aren't employing people I see
see what I mean so you're going to build
a team you know of 10,000 uh employees
that's fine but there's owners over here
there's employees over there yeah so in
this model everybody gets to be an owner
I see everybody gets to build their own
business everybody gets to be able to be
a smaller and smaller percentage of the
overall team's productivity I see and
get leverag themselves so in the
traditional Entrepreneur Space if you
have employees you have to actually to
maximize your opportunity you have to
minimize your employees opportunity oh
that's true pay
them just enough so they don't quit
that's a great point right keep them
motivated in exchange they typically
work just hard enough you know to not
get fired right so you have this this uh
mix but I've had a lot of people join
network marketing that they're so happy
that the opportunity for them isn't just
for them you know they can winh they can
build a big team but they can also show
somebody else how to win yeah and it
doesn't hurt them right right like in a
traditional entrepreneurship thing
you're training your competition they
they'll go leave and set up shop across
the street take half of your clients
it's happened right yes so you can kind
of get cynical about that this you're
like hey go build it because you're
connected with them I know you'll shoot
straight with me um Can someone who's
not built to be a leader succeed in
network marketing describe somebody
that's not built to be a
leader they don't have the belief in
themselves they don't have the Charisma
they don't have any interest in building
up others and and learning those skills
it's just even an interest H CU we know
that those kinds of people exist here's
my belief we're all programmed since we
were little kids MH what's good what's
bad what's rewarded what's punished and
everybody has their own take on it yeah
even those growing up in the same
household for the same circumstance one
goes one way one goes the other way why
twins we don't know yeah but I believe
we're all born entrepreneurial
generally and what I mean by that is
entrepreneurs are looking to create
they're looking to make the world a
better place they're looking to bring
value they're looking to contribute
they're looking to have purpose Legacy
all those things yeah and I think all of
us are meant to like see what we can do
with and how many people we can help and
what we can do with our lives but for
many people it's beaten out of them it's
just smashed out of them every time they
try and express that they get smashed
stay in your place be quiet be seen and
not heard you know you're just a girl
you're you're a dummy you're never
am all of those different things so a
person can tell me they're not a leader
but they lead their children yeah they
lead their household yeah they lead
their little pod in their in the office
where they work yeah like I'm thinking
right now of two of the most uh
successful Network marketers I know just
two people just came to mind and they're
both super quiet shy unassuming they
wouldn't have been seen as a leader in
high SCH school or maybe even their job
but both these women are just what I
would just call quiet confident
trustworthy lead like it's it's almost a
quiet confidence that makes them and
maybe it's a little bit of like they
know what it's like to be an under doog
so they really pour into people more
than others sure but I think when we
hear a great leader you think of someone
who's like presidential and commands the
room and I guess like a I don't know I'm
I'm really big on reading biographies
especially lately and the Giants of the
world would not be picked out of a
lineup and had very troubled upbringings
and overcame that and still struggle
with their insecurities a lot of very
successful entrepreneurs and in network
marketing as well are introverted people
interesting I'm an introverted person by
Nature I can psych myself up and be a
situational extrovert but I had to learn
that love that but I'm mostly inside my
head I'm I'm very peaceful when I'm by
myself can stare out the window and I've
got my journal or something if I'm
reading or or jotting down some notes
that's how I recharge my batteries when
I get around people I lose energy
quickly you know but I've learned to oh
i' I've got to be on for these three
days I'll be on and after that's over
then I'm going to need some time and
some space other people go into those
environments and they just fill up like
their batteries full full full full full
full full again what you're talking
about here whether it's leadership
introverted or extroverted you know I
don't know anybody all these different
types of things are just limiting
beliefs and you can decide if you want
to argue for them or not I I I believe
if you argue for your limiting beliefs
you get to keep them you're like you
don't you don't understand I'm this I'm
that yeah so that's a great Point yeah
if you want to have leverage if you want
to have more if you want to get out of
trading time for money if you want to
call your own shots Be Your Own Boss
then you're going to have to challenge
some of the limiting beliefs that you
have about yourself MH and I which I had
to challenge myself and you'll find that
all the capacity is there to be able to
succeed no matter what your personality
to be able to actually lead uh you'll
find that that gear I didn't think I was
going to be a leader you know you know
how I became a leader no I'll tell you I
was building a team and I'm like at some
point somebody's smart is going to show
up and tell us what to do yeah but since
nobody's here in the meantime I'll just
do it temporarily okay and I just
pretended I was like a top leader dude
and waiting for that person to show up
happy to hand the reins over as soon as
that person showed up and the person did
show up but it wasn't somebody else oh
wow so great all of a sudden I'm like a
problem would happen and everybody's
head would turn to me and I'm like oh
you're you want okay I got it yeah I'll
solve that no problem um and I'm like
huh that's why I often say impostor
syndrome isn't a bad thing I mean you
can use it to your advantage in in many
regards my story is so similar I created
a a fitness
program and it was pre- choreographed
set to music Etc but my degree is in
Justice morality and constitutional
democracy wow so I've got the creative
idea but I'm not in my mind I'm not the
fitness person I'm not the fitness
leader uh so I'm going to hire three
great people to be on camera who they're
Fitness professionals and I did that and
I would film I would I would create the
choreography the music Etc and then I
would ran out of a studio and I'd kind
of direct the videos and on one of the
days would we'd you know we're just
getting started spend all my money on
the studio camera guys everything and
the lead didn't show up so I was like
okay so just pretend like just do what
you saw them do but just pretend and
you'll just do this one in the back of
my mind I'm like this is going to
destroy our business like now they're
going to see the all Powerful Oz from
behind the curtain is just this short
little you know whatever and I filmed it
and I just did I I just pretended to be
what I'd seen everyone else do and it
ended up people related and it worked
and you know here we are funny now I've
sold tens of millions of EXC that person
showed up I would have let them continue
to do it cuz I did not want to do the
uncomfortable thing I didn't want want
to even try I didn't want to be judged
you know it's kind of like Sinker I had
no choice and I think that's uh a
powerful Les a lesson for people yeah
can I give you uh one of the things that
I think is a secret for people who want
to be successful
entrepreneurially a
willingness to put yourself in
potentially humiliating situations and
just deal with it oh God and just put a
smile on your face and be willing to
screw up and say say gosh I got that
wrong I'm glad you said humil yeah humil
you really have to embrace that yeah
it's not and you're not going to die
it's not be willing to deal with
rejection it's not being willing to be
embarrassed it's be willing to be
humiliated be willing to have your pants
pulled down in front of the world be
willing to just like gosh I really
screwed that up yeah and just deal with
it it's life just go you know what I
said that wrong I don't have the answers
to that let me go find some let's let's
go find the answers together you and me
yeah you know because obviously I did
that wrong yeah just screwing up and
owning it and just say you know what
yeah I I learned you can't get better
and look good at the same time so so
you're going to look kind of clumsy
while you're getting better and most of
the learning is in the doing you know
when you go do the thing that's when you
you're going to learn it so you're not
going to like practice perfectly behind
closed doors for forever as an
entrepreneur and then come out as this
perfect entrepreneur yeah you got to
just go do it you can read a thousand
books you can take a th courses and
you're going to learn more in one week
of actually doing it than all of that
stuff uh so but you got to be willing to
be embarrassed that's a great point and
because you will be yeah and you and you
will live to tell you'll tell it on a
podcast at some point you know we're
going to get to some things that those
who are in network marketing sure uh
need to be aware of as you know things
have changed this 2024 but for the
person who is has always like in the
back of their mind looked at someone
who's been successful in network
marketing they thought
you know I I'm I'm already building my
own thing why would I want to mess with
that in how things have changed in the
industry in 2024 is there something you
would tell people to look for if they
were looking at a different companies
and opportunities like is it
diversification is it leadership like if
I'm trying to pick the right network
marketing opportunity what things are
important criterias first of all I I'll
give you a five-point criteria on how to
pick a company okay in a moment but
first is should network marketing be
part of your due diligence and figuring
out extra cash flow start there
alternate form of income a side hustle
yeah I do believe you should research
everything okay make a list of every
possible opportunity could you drive
Uber yes could you rent you buy a car
and rent it on as turo or uh your spare
bedroom for
Airbnb are you going to be a graphic
designer from home are you going to to
start a dry cleaning business down the
street are you going to open a
restaurant evaluate them all how much
how much do they cost how much
experience do you have how much risk is
involved how much uh Capital how much of
your time do you know what you're doing
map out all those things and network
marketing should be on the list yeah
because it doesn't require any an
employees the price of Entry is
extraordinarily low the support is huge
to be able that you can
leverage and there's no limits so think
about opening a restaurant think about
the the challenges of just opening a
second restaurant in the city now think
about opening a restaurant in another
state yeah now think about opening that
restaurant in another country yeah most
network marketing companies are
international and you can have
organizations being built all over the
place without the infrastructure yeah
without the brick and mortar without
employees without overhead without
hassle so you you should definitely
explore this as an option and be willing
to just have your preconceptions put
them over on the side and just say okay
I I'm willing to look with an open mind
let me see if this is is for real one of
the biggest Trends is professional
people that never even consider network
marketing before are taking a look and
going you know what this is a better
lifestyle it's easier entrepreneurially
it's less risk it's more support it's
flexible I can learn as I go I can help
other people succeed instead of
minimizing their opportunity while I'm
maximizing my own yeah as at a
traditional business right so or and I
don't have to be in the car all the time
driving Uber people around or door Dash
or whatever I get leverage right so for
all those reasons and much much more
it's a great environment positive
Community all of that stuff is really
great here's five things to look at when
evaluating a company okay number one you
need to take a look at the company
itself do they have a track record do
they have the ability do they have the
leadership in inside of that company I I
believe the founders and and and the
people in positions of power in the
company are the most important because
if they're talented they'll be able to
deal with changing environments they'll
be able to adapt if they need money
they'll get money if they need to shift
they'll shift if they need to expand
they'll expand if they need to build a
team they'll build a team doesn't matter
how good the product or service is ah if
the leadership is not capable of helping
it scale so the company leadership okay
take a look at second thing you need to
take a look at is the products find
something that you don't have to be
super passionate about it but you have
to answer four questions when taking a
look at the products that the company
offers is there a need for these
products in the world and if you look
around yep there's a
need do these products meet the need
second question yep if if the answer is
yes are they priced to sell is it
competitive with other things out there
in compar to Quality price to the
consumer is it price so the consumer
goes you know what I want that and four
is it priced for profit is there enough
margin so you can make money the company
can make money and the and the customer
can still enjoy a product at a
reasonable price so if the company
checks out and the products check out
with those four criteria you know is
there a need does it meet the need is it
price to sell is it price for profit
answerers to that's yes next thing you
need to take a look at is compensation
okay if they have a great product and a
great company but they're not paying
that much there have been there always
will be like in any business um network
marketing companies that have are are no
long no longer exist um what do you
think those companies had in common
aside from leadership I think that's
probably pretty obvious company
leadership but is is there because I I
sometimes I'll hear about something I'm
like you're building a company around
that like there's a need for it but
everybody else offers it you know so how
important is a diverse lineup of
products sometimes if some if things are
very simple they're they're and unique
and kind of freshly packaged that's all
you need to be able to get off the
ground and get moving like Amazon
started with books right Used Books Just
Books yeah let's sell some books yeah
and that's not where they are today
right two years ago they they shipped 10
billion packages two billion more
packages than people on Earth and 50% of
them were to my home right yeah exact
so so sometimes companies start with a
very specific simple thing and then they
diversify and provide more and more
product lines to people as they get
bigger and bigger and bigger I mean you
have to evaluate Right company and
product then take a look at comp can you
can can people make money
quickly the average person can with a
reasonable part-time effort can they
make a reasonable part-time income and
is there a big opportunity if you have
big aspirations is there an opportunity
to make big money inside that company I
think you if you can answer those three
questions then you're good on comp
fourth thing to take a look at is
support if you did decide to get
involved what kind of support's
available are there events is there
training is there you know back office
uh tracking of your business do they
ship everything for you what support is
available that you can leverage okay
that you don't have to pay for yeah and
what if you find out the support is
appropriate and good then the last thing
take a look at is timing how does this
all work with the company the product
the compensation and the support is
there in business a lot of its timing
timing opportun in in real estate it's
location location location a lot of
times entrepreneurially it's timing and
what do you mean by that in in terms of
network marketing well I think take a
look at all the big companies that have
started uh many of them started in
difficult times they started in
recession they started in you know
Financial
downturns sometimes they started at the
right
moment when people were open
to opportunity mhm so just take a look
at the timing situation I mean if you're
courageous and you're tough you can get
involved in a very early stage company
but understand you're going to have to
go through some rocky times but if
you're involved early there's there's a
big payoff if you have the emotional
toughness to get through yeah the early
stage you can maybe have a medium Stage
Company and instead of having to be
there day one let somebody else you know
figure out some of the mistakes and get
a little bit more solid and you come in
then and some people want to wait till
it's established and stable and a smooth
ride and the return's not as big but
it's smoother emotionally okay so when
I'm talking about timing I'm talking
mostly about where is the company where
is the brand where is that product
category what is the need in the market
are people open for it you know you look
at the trends that are happening in the
world and how old is that company in
their life
life cycle like getting involved in
Amazon in
1995 is different than getting involved
in Amazon today being an employee right
yeah yeah so back then Jeff Bezos had
needed to raise a million dollars and he
sold 20% of the company for a million
dollars
$50,000 for every 1% wow got 20 people
at 50 Grand you know what that 1% is
worth today I can't imagine over 10
billion oh $50,000 wow but guess what it
was worth less than the 50,000 in 1999
right yeah four years after he started
so a lot of people don't have the
courage to get through early stage when
I told people that I you know I was
going to be interviewing you that L
submit questions and I heard from quite
a few people who have been in network
marketing and with their organization
their particular Organization for quite
a while and they wanted me to ask you
how to know when you need to move
yourself and maybe your team to another
organization or another opportunity or
if you just stay till the end well
here's the thing I I'll give you a few
thoughts on this okay one is every
company in the world has its problems
sure you just need to choose the company
you want to have your problems with okay
because if you go someplace else it's
likely that they have problems that
they're not showing you while you're
dating them okay once you get married
then you go oh yeah you know he snores
in his sleep I didn't know that he was
hiding it before
uh so just understand that every
organization has problems familiarity
bre breeds contempt sometimes you just
need to freshen your mind where you are
and dig your roots in deeper it's better
to keep the team together if you can
than rip it all up and start over across
the street yeah however there are
sometimes if things are happening inside
the company that are go against your own
personal Integrity MH and nothing's
being done by the people in power if
people are being mistreated or if the
company's acting out of character and
you have to be an ambassador for that
company and you have the knowledge that
these types of things are happening and
you've talked to them about it and
you've confronted it and it's not
stopping you need to consider your
Association yeah with that brand
absolutely so that's one circumstance
another circumstance is you kind of
paned out you know what I mean like when
they do the gold mining thing they they
they they go to see if there's any gold
they they Pann it out it's like if you
started with a company and you're 3
years in the in and you haven't made any
money you haven't signed up any people
and you've talked to a whole bunch of
people and you haven't learned a lot of
skills yet or whatever you're like a
house that's been for sale for 5 years
yeah it's a good buyer market right now
but everybody's nervous about that one
yeah because they're like they've all
heard about it and there's got to be
something wrong with it right because
you you you just weren't able to get off
the ground
over after a reasonable period of time
I'm not talking about 90 days I'm saying
two three four years you're using the
product you're a good should Soldier
showing up at the events but You' never
really got the
momentum you you may may consider
sometimes it's still you you can fresh
yourself and go and create and pivot and
recreate yourself or sometimes a change
of scenery a change of environment might
be helpful for you one of the uh
questions I got was from a gal who was
really successful in her organization
once completely believed in the products
and services and now because of a a
health concern um she just feels
conflicted
morally um suggesting the the health
concern is it is it like a sweetener is
it uh yeah it's ingredients yeah it's
ingredients here's what I've learned
about those things if it's totally
against your moral codeh then it's going
to be difficult you you either have to
to go out and tell everybody I love all
these products but I don't like this one
sure for this reason you can do that if
you want to but I would also say for
every
single ingredient there's somebody who's
for and somebody who's against yeah you
know there's there's conspiracy theories
on everything and there's challenges on
everything and and people want to argue
with everything and oh I don't like this
sweetener I like that's one and then
that one no no no you can't have that
one you need to have this one no no no
go all the way back to sugar uh because
Sugar's going to be better than any of
these other things everybody's going to
have opinions on that stuff if you are
morally conflicted you either have to
voice that or only promote the stuff
that isn't that or make a change and I
assume that change is a huge risk I mean
yeah it's not fun it's like leaving a
family tell me about that let's say
let's say you've got 500 people on your
team sure you've you've involved 50
people and those people have gone out
and they've involved all that stuff and
they're happy where they are yeah but
you know you grew up the ranks and
you've eaten from the Tree of Good and
Evil and and you know some things that
other people don't know and for whatever
reason or you get nervous you I don't
know if the company's going to be around
all that stuff you get nervous and you
decide to go you're going to have a lot
of relationships it's like leaving a
church kind of not that this is like a
church thing but the friendships some
people are going to feel betrayed that
you left because you know they got
involved because of you and they want to
stay so now they're conflicted they have
to pick a side it's like a divorce yeah
am I going to pick you or pick the
company or what am I going to pick and
it's an awkward uncomfortable thing and
it's not just a one person decision you
know there's a lot of people involved
and there's all kinds of friendships yes
connected all over the place right that
when when you leave those yeah it's like
a divorce are you picking you picking
the husband or the wife uh you can't be
friends with both uh you know kind of
now it's a our our profession is a very
small town okay so there's 100 million
people involved in the profession does
200 billion in sales per year okay but
it's still a small town it's very
circular everybody gets to know
everybody everybody knows who are the
good players and who are the dirty
players everybody knows who are the uh
manipulators and who are the good
leaders interesting um so what I
encourage people to do is whatever you
do do assuming everybody's going to know
and everybody's going to be watching and
yeah I I made mistakes early in my
career that 30 years later there's a
couple people still mad at me still sure
and I'm like can we have lunch can can I
take it's been 30 years can I take you
to dinner can I you know buy you
something can we go go to a show
whatever because I mean come on we're in
the same Community here but I understand
I mean there's some of the things that I
did out of ambition early on that were
so over the line that I'm still
embarrassed today you know when I was in
my 20s sure but again small town it
doesn't take much to be the town Fillin
the blank I feel like we could carry
this conversation on for another couple
of hours which is important the last
thing I want to ask you is you know in
during the pandemic like a lot of
network marketing professionals you know
really experienced a boom um and not all
right but a lot of them really did most
and we were all in our homes and we
weren't together there's that there's
also Ai and there's changes in in social
media what do you think somebody in 2024
whether they're new or seasoned in this
industry things that they need to do may
be a little differently well here's what
I would tell you those that were
involved prior to pandemic in the
pandemic and are still involved after
the pandemic that's one group yeah
because there was this Spike of
production sales recruiting momentum
excitement everybody's sitting at home
clicking buttons and and their checks
were going up up up up up and it was
like a bubble it was like uh tulip Mania
it was like a meme stock wow uh their
organizations just went up and on the
other side of pandemic it came down just
as fast sure so people got very
disillusioned and like when it went up a
lot of people just kind of retired wow
and they thought they were done and and
on the other side it came back down to
normal but in their minds they're down
like 50% I see okay so emotionally
they're like oh am I ever going to get
get off this treadmill for those people
you're going to have to refresh your
mind and as entrepreneurs here's what
entrepreneurs need to understand you're
in the building business and you're in
the rebuilding business there's no such
thing as build it once and have it for
forever that's right doesn't exist in
any right so that's true in our business
as well so for people who've been around
through the pandemic you have to refresh
your mind see what you have to rebuild
get a good attitude about it be ready to
go and I'll just tell you just recently
they've like realized this in like the
last three to six months and said you
know what okay I'm I'm I'm back I'm
going to go after it yeah now if you've
started after here's what I will tell
you the tools are there the customers
are ready to buy they're ready to be
educated about good products the
prospects have never been more open and
eager for a side hustle looking for
something to be able to do from their
home yeah without a lot of big risk
right uh and around a positive community
of people and there are tools to be able
to access the entire world whether it's
social media
anything there's no
limitations as far as 8 billion people
are within your reach now and there's
ways to be able to reach those people no
matter what your personality
provide something of value what we do in
network marketing is we educate people
to the point that they understand what
we have mhm here's the product let me
educate you on it if you if you want to
try it go ahead if you don't no problem
here's the opportunity let me educate
you about it if you like what you see
you want to have some additional Cash
Flow by using this as a side hustle
maybe it becomes a full hustle at some
point down the road something for you to
be able to do as a career yeah fantastic
if it's not for you fine but go find
your thing whether it's this or
something else yeah you know network
marketing is not for everybody right it
it's a pure entrepreneurial inventure
and what I mean by that is it's highly
emotional it's Mercurial it's up and
it's down it's like a roller coaster it
will push you and test you and when you
work for a company you can hide you can
hide for years and years and years and
years and you don't really have to grow
and you don't really have to change just
don't rock the boat and you should get a
3% raise a year uh until they decide to
trade you in for a
couple yeah but here it's going to hold
a mirror up to you every day yeah and
you have to be able to deal with that
you know when I started what helped me
deal with it is I there was no downside
for me I started at the bottom I was at
the bottom and I didn't really have any
skills I didn't really have any
marketable abilities and so I didn't
really have a lot to lose I didn't have
a lot of social respect in the Community
uh I was 23 years old and I had 18 jobs
before I got involved at 23 years old
that's a lot of jobs to have right so
when I started
here and I wanted to quit you know I had
a little success at the beginning and
then it all fell apart and I wanted to
quit I had no place to go best thing
ever happened to me so I back I know I
said that was going to be my last
question but it's not cuz I got asked
one more I found the company that I I I
love their products I I've checked out
the leadership believe in their leaders
I've done my due diligence I love the
Compensation Plan how do I figure out
who to sign up with because the most
successful people in this company are
they really going to have enough time
for me you know my friend introduced me
to this product and she doesn't have
much of a team H how do I decide where
is the best place for me to enter well
first question do you want to be an
employee or would you like to be an
entrepreneur I want to be an
entrepreneur all right if you want to be
an entrepreneur that person doesn't
matter oh not at all so I can't blame it
on my upline well you can if you want
but that you're thinking like an
employee when you do that if you want to
be an
entrepreneur if you have a perfect
upline that that sponsors you and helps
you and supports you and encourages you
and hugs you and kicks you in the ass
and does all the different things that
that that you need to have in order to
be successful you don't have to become
much you can just be an employee foll
instructions but if they're not there
now you have to be an entrepreneur yep
and you have to learn some new skills
and new muscles most of the successful
people had very little or no support
mentally for me everything changed for
me about two years into my network
marketing experience when I mentally
decided that I was going to
stop um expecting anything from my
upline and pretend that I was personally
enrolled by the company and I was the
support structure wow I would go get the
answers I wasn't going to expect them
and I wasn't going to blame anybody else
for my lack of achievement so if you
want to be an entrepreneur that doesn't
matter if you if you are more of an
employee minded person then it does you
know go act like an employee under some
other person Who's acting like an
entrepreneur it's that advice is the
reason why so many millions of people
have been attracted to learning this
form of Entrepreneurship any form of
Entrepreneurship and branding from you
because that's that's real talk Eric
worry where can people consume more of
you uh you just buy me under my name any
anywhere u YouTube uh in you got some
great content so much content there yeah
podcast all that just just uh throw my
name into Google and you'll you'll find
you'll find me wherever well I really
appreciate all that you do and um it's
always a learning opportunity when I
have a chance to sit down with you so
thank you for your time ladies and
gentlemen do me a favor drop a comment
below if you're watching this on YouTube
let us know what questions you have uh
because I'd love to have another
conversation with Eric and we'll
checking those comments getting back to
you thank you for double cheing to make
sure that you're subscribed as they say
smash the no don't smash the like the
like button just tap the like button you
have to smash it just tap it but make
sure you're subscribed we really do
appreciate you it's my goal to be brief
to be bright to make it fun and then be
done I know we had fun and now we're
done thanks
[Music]
guys
oh